happy Friday this is gosh you're just at
a time for our friday flourish this week
we do a little bit more syncretism and
go find some other dance forms this week
go into a guillotine specifically better
move off of the world boogie woogie
championship from 1991 we're not going
to do link you can google this yourself
it's great fun to watch there was a
nifty move that I thought could be
adapted really well to not dance floor
yeah it looks like this
so on this one what is lovely and unique
about Deborah flourish is that movie
ends up doing almost all the work
they'll follow only at sit there and
watch most of them but off of all bounce
you can have the leads left hand and the
followers right switch anson any both
are heavy right hands joint you're
actually going to the sheet is going to
start turning over his left shoulder and
back adepts for its part at the same
time you are if you want to switch to a
palm to palm grip instead of a normal
hand class from here yeah actually I
start backing up towards your partner's
on as you're doing it you're your home
is going to turn all the way around
until yours your vacuum pump hungreh but
now you can put your hand and smaller
back without burning as you are backing
up also bend over now here is what the
two jobs the hologram in one is to
maintain this particular this position
of here because this is basically a
scratch literally the other job ball has
this to team is left to the left that
mean that helps make it so that when he
has out of twirling basic understanding
where you work instead of way over by
your neighbor which might take the model
with it anyway as you can out of this
world switch hands getting Ellis your
left or money then pull in the ballroom
and you ready this way once you have it
all worked out it looks like this
this has been the hardest dry skin next
week for the flourish that's the big
crowd popsugar stop or this YouTube
channel and by the way to other kind of
things do you think there's something
cool little bit 14 hot rocks and that
just you it will seem to work happy
Friday